Update method descriptions with possible values for query params (#1288)
Adyen/adyen-node-api-library: README.md

  .then(paymentResponse => console.log(paymentResponse.pspReference))
  .catch(error => console.log(error));
```

> If you want to pass query parameters you use the the following "param" field in the [IRequest](https://github.com/Adyen/adyen-node-api-library/blob/main/src/typings/requestOptions.ts) (also used for idempotency-key and other header fields). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to pass query parameters you use the following "param" field in the [IRequest](https://github.com/Adyen/adyen-node-api-library/blob/main/src/typings/requestOptions.ts) (also used for idempotency-key and other header fields). 
```

> If you want to pass query parameters you can use the following "param" field in the [IRequest](https://github.com/Adyen/adyen-node-api-library/blob/main/src/typings/requestOptions.ts) (also used for idempotency-key and other header fields). 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you want to pass query string parameters, you can use the `params` field from [IRequest](/src/typings/requestOptions.ts) (also used for idempotency-key and other header fields). 
```

> The method descriptions contain an example of the possible values you can send to the API for the query parameters, just as as stated in the API explorer.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The method descriptions contain an example of the possible values you can send to the API for the query parameters, just as stated in the API explorer.
```

```javascript

> const requestOptions: IRequest = {

Reviewer: should this be `IRequest.Options` like in our test?
https://github.com/Adyen/adyen-node-api-library/blob/d15d182548bf34921047352d658667748efbe747/src/__tests__/checkout.spec.ts#L534-L539

Author: You're right, changed it.
